MG-93 - Update Dashboards docs (#102)
absmach/magistrala-docs: docs/user-guide/dashboards/dashboards.md

![Upload Dashboard](../../img/dashboards/dash-upload.png)

> Sample templates to support real-life use cases can be foundin our [GitHub repository](https://github.com/absmach/magistrala-ui/tree/main/samples/dashboard-templates).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sample templates to support real-life use cases can be found in our [GitHub repository](https://github.com/absmach/magistrala-ui/tree/main/samples/dashboard-templates).
```
